We NEED A UI Overhaul.


issues:
Chat session needs follow the bottom most only when scrolled to the bottom. Ie, follow newest chat genereations except when user decides to scroll up out of the magnetic botton tracker.
AI api settings should show up at first launch, and should be in a serperate settings page with AI settings like silky tavern and janitor AI
Setting/Dev console redundancy fix
Overall UI redundancy and navigation is bad
Main page should have import character export character and download web redirection and character setting selection. 
Main page's main feature is selecting character so character profile pic and character description should be easily visible and easy to navigate and choose
Main page should only have world and character choosing. settings- can only choose 1. Characters - can select multiple.
Character and setting creation page should be separate from main page (Library)
archive session (delete) does not remove it from the UI. At least make a toggle option to see archived and non archived chats
dev mode separate. Not a side log but a mode that activates or deactivates. Activating a dev mode shows all in chat session. So chat is like a log file and a chat log.
example:
log= called llm
log= response waiting
log=smth
chatlog= Narrator: blah blah blah.
log=staring eval
log=tool called
log=system compling
log= x failed x succeded
~~~~
and stuff with a progress bar on the left most screen that tracks with a green check (step done) yellow (loading) red warning triangle sign (error or issue/ paused)
and starts progress bar for every chat system cycle from I sending chat to repair succeded or not needed.

also in this mode i must type /chat and then type in session chat log user stuff or else Im typing in terminal this system runs enabling me to run commands andd track and check real time. Kinda closer to a claude cli where I can see you work and get feed back while I can use it as a termianal too.

Dev mode should look diff like a matrix color astetic and rigid ui shapes.

overall better looking UI with easier and intuitive design.
